django-disqus 0.3
=================

**Release Date**: 09-MAR-2010

This release updates django-disqus to use the new DISQUS v1.1 API and
cleans up the templatetags and management commands.

Management Commands
-------------------

The following management commands were renamed: 

 - ``disqus-dumpdata`` to ``disqus_dumpdata``
 - ``disqus-export`` to ``disqus_export``

The old names weren't valid Python module identifiers. This lead to
problems when trying to import them.

The ``disqus_dumpdata`` command has two new options:

 - ``filter``: Type of entries (e.g. spam or killed) that should be returned
 - ``exclude``: Type of entries that should be excluded from the response 

For further information take a look at the documentation for the 
:ref:`disqus_dumpdata` command.

The ``disqus-export-threadedcomments`` command was removed from django-disqus
because the upcoming ``django-threadedcomments`` release will rely on the
comment extension hooks provided in Django 1.1. This means that the 
``disqus_export`` command will work just fine when exporting threadedcomments.

Templatetags
------------

The ``disqus_recent_comments`` templatetag was removed. If you want to use
this or any other widget, go to the *Tools* section on the DISQUS_ website.
There you can configure the widget and get the Javascript code that is 
necessary to display it on your website.

The parameters of the ``disqus_show_comments`` tag have changed. Previously
you could pass the title, url, snippet and shortname. As of this release,
it's only possible to pass the shortname. If you want to change the
Javascript variables that the DISQUS comment form uses, take a look at the
`Configure and override comment system behaviors`_ page in the DISQUS wiki.

.. _`Configure and override comment system behaviors`: http://help.disqus.com/entries/100880-configure-and-override-comment-system-behaviors
.. _DISQUS: http://disqus.com
